{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red242\green242\blue242;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c95825;\csgray\c0\c85000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Onyx is the native component that allows the OverbiteNX addon for Firefox to access Gopher sites. You must install Onyx on each system you use OverbiteNX with. Onyx does not require your administrator password or elevated permissions to run. It is supported on macOS 10.12 and higher, though it may work on earlier versions.\
\
To install on macOS:\
\
- Drag Onyx.app to 
\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \CocoaLigature0 /Applications
\f0 \cf0 \cb1 \CocoaLigature1 . It will not work from any other location.\
- Double-click Onyx to run its internal installer. It will install a JSON file to your home directory, located in 
\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \CocoaLigature0 ~/Library/Application Support/Mozilla/NativeMessagingHosts/onyx.json
\f0 \cf0 \cb1 \CocoaLigature1  and then exit.\
- 
\b Leave Onyx in your applications folder. Do not delete it.
\b0 \
- Return to or start Firefox (you don\'92t need to quit or restart Firefox if it was already running).\
- If you already installed OverbiteNX, you can simply now browse to any Gopher URL. You do not need to restart Onyx in future sessions; Firefox now will handle that for you.\
\
Onyx is an unsigned application. By default, your Mac may not be allowed to run it directly. If your Mac says that Onyx is unsigned or not allowed to run, right-click on it and select Open, or temporarily change your Gatekeeper settings in System Preferences.\
\
If you have multiple users on your Mac, they should each double-click Onyx once to install that same JSON file.\
\
Periodically updates to Onyx may be made available. To install them, 
\b quit Firefox,
\b0  drag the new Onyx to the applications folder (replacing the old version of Onyx), and restart Firefox. You do not need to start Onyx itself again for the update to take effect.\
\
To remove Onyx, remove the JSON file from your home folder (located at the path above) and Onyx.app 
\b when Firefox is not running.
\b0  You should then uninstall OverbiteNX when you restart Firefox, as OverbiteNX will not be able to function without Onyx on your Mac.\
\
Copyright 2018, Cameron Kaiser.\
All rights reserved.\
Onyx and OverbiteNX are made available to you under the Floodgap Free Software License.}